a. My computing innovation is called Amazon. Amazon is a website that's created to allow people to buy stuff on the internet. Originally it was created for 
the purpose of selling books online, but as it becomes more popular, they started selling almost everything. The main purpose of Amazon is to allow people 
to buy items online and have them delivered to their front door. My computational artifact shows the warehouse that Amazon uses to organize products, and 
how they deliver them to people.

b. I created my artifacts in google draw. I first look for several images that represent Amazon and its intended purpose. After I find the right image, I copy 
and paste them to my google draw file. I carefully lay them out on the page so all images can be seen properly. I use the tool that google draw has to create a 
rectangle with yellow border and black background. I put a large bolded white text inside the rectangle to be the name of Amazon. After I finished putting all 
of the images and text box together, I saved the file as a PDF and my artifact is finished.

c. Amazon has several different harmful and beneficial effects. When people uses Amazon to purchase stuff online, it can provide a huge benefit to society 
because it saves a person's time and prevents the problem of having to go to physical store. Amazon also gives you a huge selection of product to choose from, 
this allows people to easily find exactly what they want. According to the article by Tarun Mittal the harmful effect of online shopping is security issues, 
Amazon keep track of their customer data such as name, phone number, address, and bank detail. If a hacker manage to gain access to those information, they can 
wreak havoc on customer bank account. Amazon dramatically changes our society, with people shopping online more often, physical store will slowly start decreasing. 
While Amazon brings a lot of advantages to society, one must be aware of cybercriminal and must be really careful when shopping online.

d. According to Jennifer Wills's article, Amazon collect, store, and process the personal information of their customer. As stated in Jennifer Wills's article, 
Amazon analyzes what items you purchased previously, what is in your online shopping cart or on your wish list, which products you reviewed and rated, and what 
items you search for most. These data helped Amazon determine which items are popular and also helped them to recommend the right items to a specific customer. 
While Amazon collecting and analyzing customer personal information is a great way to increase their customer satisfaction and build company loyalty, it also 
have a serious privacy concern. Many customers are uncomfortable having their personal information collected and stored. With the amount of information that 
Amazon knows about their customers, it may literally feel like stalking.

e. Anamika S "Top 10 Benefits of Online Shopping That Make Your Life Easy" June 12, 2017

https://toughnickel.com/frugal-living/Online-shopping-sites-benefits

Tarun Mittal. "Common problems faced by customers while shopping online" April 3rd, 2017

https://yourstory.com/2017/04/common-problems-online-shopping/

Jerri Collins. "The Pros and Cons of Shopping Online" Updated August 20, 2017

https://www.lifewire.com/shopping-online-pros-and-cons-3482632

Jennifer Wills. "7 Ways Amazon Uses Big Data to Stalk You (AMZN)" September 7, 2016

https://www.investopedia.com/articles/insights/090716/7-ways-amazon-uses-big-data-stalk-you-amzn.asp
